README.asciidoc, before:

= clisms command-line Clickatell SMS application

:listingblock.: <pre><code>|</code></pre>

== clisms
A command-line script to send SMS messages using
http://clickatell.com[Clickatell's] SMS gateway.

Runs under http://nodejs.org/[NodeJS] (NodeJS must be installed). The
easiest way to install is using http://npmjs.org/[npm]:

  npm install clisms

Run using the `clisms` command.

NOTE: Before you can use `clisms` you need to have a Clickatell HTTP
SMS account and you must create a `.clisms.json` configuration file in
your home directory containing your Clickatell login parameters (see
the example below).

.Features
- Records sent messages in a log and has command option to view log
  file.
- Has command options to query the Clickatell account balance and the
  status of previously sent messages.
- Configuration options to map names to phone numbers.

.Example usage
---------------------------------------------------------------------
$ clisms 64912345667 "Hello World"
ID: 26a8147fa04ed9fj2a9ad125c55cee00

$ clisms -s 26a8147fa04ed9fj2a9ad125c55cee00
apiMsgId: 26a8147fa04ed9fj2a9ad125c55cee00 charge: 0.8 status: 004
(received by recipient)

$ clisms -b
Credit: 204.900
---------------------------------------------------------------------

.Configuration
Set the Clickatell account configuration parameters in the
JSON formatted configuration named `.clisms.json` in your
home directory. For example:

---------------------------------------------------------------------
{
  "USERNAME":  "foobar",
  "PASSWORD":  "secret",
  "API_ID":    "123456",
  "SENDER_ID": "+64912345678",
  "PHONE_BOOK": {
    "tom":   "+64 21 1234 5678",
    "dick":  "+61 25 1234 567",
    "harry": "+64 9 1234 346"
  }
}
---------------------------------------------------------------------

.Implementation
The program is written in CoffeeScript which is compiled to a node
executable JavaScript file `clisms.js` using the Cakefile `cake
build` command.

Commit message:

Ported to TypeScript. Bumped version to 0.4.0.

README.asciidoc, after:

= clisms command-line Clickatell SMS application

// Because github is running and old version of asciidoc.
:listingblock.: <pre><code>|</code></pre>

== clisms
A command-line script to send SMS messages using
http://clickatell.com[Clickatell's] SMS gateway.

Runs under http://nodejs.org/[NodeJS] (NodeJS must be installed). The
easiest way to install is using http://npmjs.org/[npm]:

  npm install clisms

Run using the `clisms` command.

NOTE: Before you can use `clisms` you need to have a Clickatell HTTP
SMS account and you must create a `.clisms.json` configuration file in
your home directory containing your Clickatell login parameters (see
the example below).

.Features
- Records sent messages in a log and has command option to view log
  file.
- Has command options to query the Clickatell account balance and the
  status of previously sent messages.
- Configuration options to map names to phone numbers.

.Example usage
---------------------------------------------------------------------
$ clisms 64912345667 "Hello World"
ID: 26a8147fa04ed9fj2a9ad125c55cee00

$ clisms -s 26a8147fa04ed9fj2a9ad125c55cee00
apiMsgId: 26a8147fa04ed9fj2a9ad125c55cee00 charge: 0.8 status: 004
(received by recipient)

$ clisms -b
Credit: 204.900
---------------------------------------------------------------------

.Configuration
Set the Clickatell account configuration parameters in the
JSON formatted configuration named `.clisms.json` in your
home directory. For example:

---------------------------------------------------------------------
{
  "USERNAME":  "foobar",
  "PASSWORD":  "secret",
  "API_ID":    "123456",
  "SENDER_ID": "+64912345678",
  "PHONE_BOOK": {
    "tom":   "+64 21 1234 5678",
    "dick":  "+61 25 1234 567",
    "harry": "+64 9 1234 346"
  }
}
---------------------------------------------------------------------

.Implementation
The original version this program was
https://srackham.wordpress.com/2010/03/23/command-line-sms-script/[written
in Python] but this version is written in both CoffeeScript
(`clisms.coffe`) and TypeScript (`clisms.ts`) as a learning exercise.
The compiled node executable `clisms.js` file can be generated from
either version (use the `jake build-coffee` command to compile
`clisms.coffee`, `jake build-ts` command to compile `clisms.ts`.
